No one is loyal when they come out now
Even the younger brother can carry the eldest brother to death, I bah
Ah Kun let my mother go
This is your last chance.
Stop talking nonsense and come again
I dragged him to be buried with me
Ah Kun
You calm down
So you offended my mother.
I'll be your man.
know happy
Ah Kun, you should know
You caught me, you caught my mother, it's more important
And only I can get you out of here safely
Hey, don't be in danger from him.
Mom, that's how you want to die!
I really think I shouldn't kill you, right?
You need to calm down at the wedding
You watch
I have no weapon on me
You let my mom go
I'll be your man.
Zhiling Lan, who didn't know you could do some kung fu?
If you come here, who will arrest whom?
Or this old woman is safer
What do you want?
You want Jinghong to tie your hands
Mother tie you bastard